SMSI-751: Add the confidence field to VPN response (#141)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-server-api-openapi: .changeset/orange-taxis-fetch.md

---
'fingerprint-pro-server-api-openapi': minor
---

> **visitors**: Add the confidence field to VPN response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**visitors**: Add the confidence field to the VPN Detection Smart Signal
```
